Well, I'm glad you're all here tonight.
Thank you for joining us.
I always have to do it like this, you know: 'Good morning, family.
' But it's evening now.
I appreciate you all being here tonight, I really do.
I feel an urgency to pray, so let's pray together as a family.
The Lord put it very strong in my heart about the 14th going through the 6th of July.
And this is a very serious time.
I told you yesterday—well, in my prayer time yesterday, the video came up today—I felt that the strikes against Iran were imminent.
And I said I feel very urgent about this, and I tried to warn you all.
There are things I was shown in the spirit about the attacks on Iran, and I saw...
You know, I'm not used to doing live videos, y'all, so I filter a lot of things.
My son will, you know, I can't.
So this is just life, this is what's so wild.
I go, 'Okay, here I go.
' The things the Lord showed me about secret meetings—God protect me—with, I saw Little Kim, Russia, and certain major powers, I'll say it like that.
I saw certain major powers that were devising a plan in the days ahead to come and strike, like react against what Israel just did today.
And you know what's interesting, folks?
Whenever I was praying over that last night, the Lord was showing me Israel with hidden technological advancements that nobody had in the world.
And the Lord spoke to me and He said, 'The United States of America doesn't even know what they have from the past administration, Joe Biden and them.
' He said, 'Brandon, they didn't even know.
' And He said, 'And Trump barely knows.
They have great technological advancements,' is what the Lord showed me.
And I saw, He told me about the pagers again and the cell phones, what they did and how they caused all that to happen back—I don't remember when it was, but it's deeper than this.
And the Lord said, 'Pray, for Ezekiel 38 and 39 is right at your door.
' Now, in the time scheme of things, I don't know what that means.
You know, a thousand days is to the Lord like one day, so it's not like it could be tomorrow, it could be six months from now, I don't know.
But it's something that we should be watching, that we see Ezekiel 38 and 39, and it's getting ready to happen.
And I'm telling you, I didn't see Syria in this.
I saw Turkey, I saw Pakistan, I saw them—I saw them upset.
I'm not saying they're a part of Ezekiel; I have to make that clear.
But I saw them upset in the days ahead.
I saw Afghanistan.
I saw Pakistan.
I saw other nations that were very upset about what happened today, tonight, or whatever is going on right now.
So we pray because I told you all about the great Apollyon coming up out of the pit.
I said he turns around like a dust devil on the land, causing war.
And I saw the great Apollyon coming out of the pit spinning, and he went around and started to spin around Putin.
And I said, 'In the days ahead, you'll see this stuff coming.
' I warned everybody, but even today it was like confirmation.
You know, some of the things people say I missed it so big on about the Asian man.
I saw an Asian man rising up in the Catholic Church.
I said, 'There's an Asian man, and I don't know if this is a pope or not.
' I said, 'I don't know what I'm seeing.
I try to be as transparent with y'all as I can be when I'm praying, and I tell you what I'm seeing.
I see an Asian man.
He's rising up in Asia and he will be part of the Catholic Church like a pope, but he's going to try to bring a revival, trying to create excitement in the Catholic Church in the days ahead.
' That Asian man was announced today.
It happened weeks later.
But even when I told you all, I said it will happen in the summer months.
I saw June, July, August, September, October.
And I said then I saw a route coming up out of the sky going down into the Vatican, where the pope was announced.
And I saw it hit the courtyard there, and it splintered out, and I saw a spirit come on this Asian man.
And I said, 'I don't know what I'm seeing, but the Lord told me to pray about this.
' And then we see an Asian man rise up today.
And I just think that's interesting because, I'm telling you, folks, Jesus Christ is coming.
A great revival is about to happen, but a great shaking to awaken is about to happen.
I told you about the ten cities to pray.
Now, there's a lot of people...
Can you put up the article so they can see?
Okay, thank you, son.
I appreciate that.
But I see what the Lord is warning me to pray over: these on the 14th, the military parade, and interceding and praying over Donald, his grandchildren.
I saw especially Kai, to intercede for this young woman to pray a hedge of protection around her that no weapon formed against her would prosper.
I pray over his children, and I pray over Trump Towers.
We must pray for these things.
The enemy, you know, we wrestle not against flesh and blood, ladies and gentlemen.
We wrestle against principalities and powers and spiritual wickedness in high places.
We're not dealing with the people; we're dealing with the demonic spirits influencing them.
And that's why I said I don't have authority in your neighborhood to pray over your area, but you do.
And that's why the Lord said, 'Brandon, raise up.
I'm raising up a million-man and woman prayer army on your channel to pray, and you will change things as you pray and intercede for the nations.
' And so we see the things happening with Israel right now, and this is very serious.
I saw great antisemitism coming in the days ahead.
Great, very bad.
And I saw that Trump would be diplomatic: 'We can't, I don't want to, you know, we're going to try to work this out.
' But I saw Bibi pushing the button, exactly what happened.
If you go to what I told you all, what I said in prayer yesterday, I saw to pray for Cuba.
I'm watchful over what I say because I'm live now, but you can go watch it yourself.
Pray about Cuba, and I saw mules.
I heard the word 'mules' coming at night.
I saw strategic things...
How do I say that?
I just don't feel peace about saying that right now live.
No, I don't think that's...
It's already on the internet, but I'm not saying that.
But we should...
Okay, we should just be praying over what I told you all to pray over concerning Cuba.
Is this what I warned you all about?
Not terrorist activity, but an influx of what came across the border over the past four years was a whole bunch of people from another country that was an army.
And I saw men rising up, and they were like cells of people in ten major cities.
Very serious stuff.
I saw things on fire, and I saw...
I told you about the vans, I told you about the trucks clear back in January, the timing and me interceding.
You know, whenever you're seeing in the spirit, it looks like it's right in front of your face.
It's like it's tomorrow, but you're praying about something that's sometimes months away.
And I've warned you to pray over the summer months.
This is a very serious time to pray over the summer months, praying for America, praying for peace over this nation.
So, I don't know, folks.
It's just a very interesting time.
Is everybody here?
We have 21...
Well, let's praise the Lord.
I'm glad you all decided to join us for prayer tonight.
But let's just pray.
You know, I've done enough talking.
I don't want to sit and ramble and waste y'all's time.
What I had to say is what I had to say.
But just to warn you, I have such an urgency to pray for the Fourth of July.
I kept telling you I see those half-flags.
I saw the flags.
I saw the baby.
I saw all these things, and to intercede.
And the Lord said, "I'm bringing unity in the body of Christ.
I'm bringing down racial barriers.
" He said, "Brandon, you must be united like it was in Acts chapter 2.
They were all of one sound and one accord.
" And when they did this, there was, like they said, a sound like a mighty rushing wind of the Holy Ghost and fire.
They all spoke in tongues, but they were all with one sound.
It was with one sound, with one voice.
And there's too much discord in the body of Christ right now.
And the Lord said to me, "I'm taking down the walls of the barriers of religion for the day.
There's a great shaking.
" And I saw, just like in war times—I've warned you all—like in war times whenever in World War II how the women came and everybody came together and they worked together to create a community when the men were off to war.
That's what I saw it be like in war times for the body of Christ.
It's time for the body of Christ.
It doesn't matter if you're Baptist, if you're Methodist, if you're Catholic, if you're charismatic or Episcopalian or whatever.
It was the body.
We all have different beliefs.
We all think a lot different.
But we all have the same common goal, which is that we love Jesus.
We all love Jesus, and that's all that matters, and that we should be telling people about Jesus because the coming of the Son of Man is right at hand.
He said, "I'm standing at the door, Brandon, and I'm waiting.
What are you going to do to bring in the harvest?
I'm leaving the ninety-nine and going after the one.
For the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
What will you do to help me bring in the harvest?
" He cares and he loves every single one of you.
He doesn't want any of us to perish, but all to come to repentance and have everlasting life.
But the thing is right now, there's so many people that are riding the fence and that are lukewarm.
They're lukewarm.
And it's time to come.
Either you're hot or you'll be cold.
But if you're lukewarm, he said he'd spew you out of his mouth.
Remember I told you in a couple of visions ago when I was praying, I saw the valley of dry bones and they were dead upon the land.
And he spoke to me, and it was almost audible.
And he said, "Brandon, can these bones live?
Prophesy to the bones, Brandon.
Tell them to get up.
" And I saw as we prayed as a family—it wasn't about me, it's about us coming together as a family—and we interceded and I saw the bones coming together and I saw a Holy Ghost glow come upon the skin and it started sparkling, and I saw the head become the head and I saw the hands become hands and they all joined together and the valley of bones started to come back to life, and I believe a great, great harvest.
I saw, and then I saw a dam that was full of water, which was the former rain and the latter rain all coming together, and there was a great mighty rushing wind of water, like water just flowing upon this valley of dry bones, and I'm telling you we will see the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen before.
It's about to happen.
I told you I saw the casinos and the people having meetings in the casinos in Las Vegas, and the glory of the Lord came in.
It's time to get excited and have expectation about what God is going to do in this earth.
Can't you see the signs of the times, ladies and gentlemen?
It's all around you.
But many people are like a frog in a pot and the water's heating up around them and you don't even know it's starting to boil.
The end times is not convenient.
I hear people say when I pray, I hear it: "It's not convenient.
I don't want to live through this.
" Well, we have a window.
Donald Trump is here, but God said, "I've given you a window.
I've given you a window of opportunity.
What will you do with this window?
Will you squander it?
" As we see our brothers and sisters in South Korea have a president, a prime minister that is not good, from what they say, Canada, so many other places.
It's serious times.
It's a call to action.
It's a call to prayer.
It's just not of fear.
I never come on here to tell you to fear.
I never come on here to tell you to worry, "Oh no, the sky is falling.
" I never say that.
The sky is not falling, Chicken Little.
It's not about that.
It's about the body of Christ arising and shining.
For the light has come and the glory of the Lord is risen on us.
Being serious about our Father's business and preaching and telling people that Jesus is coming, that's what matters the most.
All this other stuff, materialism and all this other stuff, it's crap.
Who cares about it?
God said he'd provide a window of opportunity.
He told me, he said, "Brandon, I'll provide a window for the remnant that is listening to me, that is staying close to me.
I'm not going to yell.
" He told me, "I'm not going to yell.
I'm going to speak in that still, small voice, Brandon, if you're listening to me, and I will tell you what to do, for the wealth of the sinner is laid up for the righteous.
" And so many people are still not listening.
He said, "So many people are asleep.
" That's what I told you all a couple, like two or three videos ago.
I saw the body.
It was laying in a bed and there was an alarm clock that was ringing so loud.
It was very loud and the bells were ringing, and the hands were at straight up twelve—straight twelve.
And he said, "I've yelled and I've yelled and I've yelled for the people to wake up, and the alarm clock's going off, and this dispensation of time is coming to an end.
But now I will shake to awaken.
" And I saw the Lord Jesus go over and shake that body.
And he said, "They'll wake up this time.
" Many people take a lot to get up out of bed sometimes.
But this time the Lord said, "I'm going to get the attention of the world.
I'm coming.
I'm going to come and I'm standing at the door.
" I just have an urgency in my heart to just keep being that voice crying in the wilderness, just like Paul Revere in the midnight hour, riding his horse telling you the British are coming, the British are coming, just like he did to the Minutemen to warn you that Jesus Christ is coming.
I shout it on the wall warning you and telling you it's time to get your heart right before the Lord before it's too late.
Many of you think you're promised tomorrow.
Many of you think that you'll go to bed tonight and wake up tomorrow and everything's going to be status quo.
But there's many of you that won't wake up tomorrow.
Do you know, my friend?
It's so awkward when it's live and I feel the anointing like that, and my son's usually able to help me.
The cry for the man's soul comes through me to believe that every single one of you would know him, for you're running out of time.
And many think we have so much time.
I hear so many prophets say, "Oh, all this time America and all this stuff.
" Folks, I'm telling you, shaking is coming.
As I warn you about Israel, you see it today on the news.
As I warn you about these things, and they're rioting in California, I warn you to pray—not a call to fear, a call to prayer—to get your house in order and get sin out of your life and stop walking that fence saying, "Well, you know, I want a little bit of the world and I want a little bit of Jesus, but you know, as long as I'm right there.
" No, I'm telling you all, you're missing it.
You better be all in.
I'm sold out for Jesus today.
It's time to get sold out for Jesus today.
I told you to pray for Mel Gibson.
I felt to pray for him, to keep interceding for this man.
The Lord said, "I'm going to use him greatly in the days ahead, for he will help with this last push.
Pray for his movies.
There's a movie coming.
" He said, "Pray for this.
Intercede for him for fifty million dollars.
" I don't know what that was all about for this movie thing.
I see these numbers, I see these things to pray.
He told me, he said, "Brandon, I'm cleaning up the church right now.
" For judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
I'm cleaning up the church.
I'm exposing darkness.
For seedtime and harvest is accelerating.
And whatsoever a man sows, that will he also reap.
And you think, 'Well, I did all this, but there's no accountability.
' Listen, just because you don't see the fruit of what you sowed yesterday, doesn't mean it's not coming.
But the Lord told me, he said, 'It's about to be seed harvest.
Time is going to be shortened and it will be seed harvest, seed harvest, not seedtime harvest.
' That's what I'm trying to say.
And it'll be an acceleration, and you're going to see people preaching in the pulpits.
You will see this in the days ahead.
They'll be preaching, and because of the manifestation of the harvest, they'll go home right there because it's like Ananias and Sapphira.
Remember this.
I warn you about this.
It's time to get compromise out of the house of God.
He said, 'I'm bringing a cleansing.
' What does that mean to you?
I don't know.
I know what it means to me.
Be all-in.
Be radical for Jesus.
Be that voice of one crying in the wilderness like John the Baptist, telling them that Jesus Christ is coming just like he did the first time.
He's raising up Davids now.
I'm telling you, he's raising up Davids.
He's raising up radical men and women of God to take the baton, and let's do this final push.
It's a final push.
Will you be a harvester?
He's looking for the harvesters, the people who will help him.
If you remember what I told you, I saw the massive holes in his hands and the wheat was beautiful and it was bowing down before him.
He walked through that valley, and I could see the wheat through his hands.
He showed me his hand.
He said, 'I died for every single one of them.
I died for every single one of them, Brandon.
Will you help me bring them in?
' And he showed me his hands.
And I could see the glory of the Lord was shining through his hands.
I could see the big old hole.
But on the other side, I could see the wheat swaying.
I'll never forget that.
I'll never forget it.
It changed me.
I realized how close he was to coming.
People say, 'Oh, I've heard that.
Oh, we've heard that.
It's been years and years.
Grandpa used to tell me that, and his grandpa used to tell him that.
' You scoff.
You say, 'Oh, where's the sign of his coming?
' I'm telling you, ladies and gentlemen, Jesus Christ is coming.
Just like Noah, building his ark.
'The rain's coming.
The rain's coming.
' They laughed at him.
'You're a fool.
There's no rain.
Crazy Noah.
' The rain's coming.
Get on the boat.
You're running out of time.
And then there was a day when the rain came and it was too late.
He was on the boat, and the hand of the Lord shut that ark.
And the Bible says, ladies and gentlemen, that as in the days of Noah, we're yelling as loud as we can to tell you: get on the ark.
Get on the ark.
Watch the signs of the times.
You see it?
Watch the fig tree.
And we're watching it.
It's pretty awesome to be in this time.
Isn't it amazing, ladies and gentlemen, that he chose you and me?
We're the closers.
It's like in a baseball game.
You see the great pitchers that are the best of the best.
Usually, they come out and close the game up.
And we're the closers.
God chose you and me.
He chose you and me.
He could have chosen anybody, but we're here.
Why?
Because he saw greatness in you.
He saw greatness in you.
And he knew he could trust you to help him bring in the harvest.
We could have been born 100 years ago and we never would have seen any of this.
Brother Hagin, some of the people that I've listened to since I was a little boy, think about that.
They're all gone and are at home with him.
But he chose us.
It's time to get excited that he chose you.
You've been called to the kingdom for such a time as this to be a closer.
He told me, talking about the generation, he said, 'There will be a generation, Brandon, that doesn't taste death, and you're one of them.
You will not taste death in this life.
To be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
' But I'm telling you folks, I believe he's coming.
Hallelujah.
You should get excited about that.
Watch, watch, watch.
I get excited.
He's coming.
So, let's pray together today.
All right.
I know this is a little different, but I said what I needed to say.
I was going to take communion.
I never pray without taking communion.
I always pray and take communion first before I go before his throne.
It's what we do, Diana and I.
We always do it.
We'll do salvation in a little bit.
Ready?
Let's take communion together.
Father, we lift up this body before you.
We thank you, Lord, that you were wounded for our transgressions.
You were bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon you, and with your stripes, Lord, we're healed.
Now, Father, I thank you, Lord, right now in the name of Jesus, for every person who's believing for healing, for you're our great physician.
And you said that we're healed by your stripes.
It's already done.
And just like the woman with the issue of blood, Lord, we latch on to the hem of your garment, saying, 'Father, I believe, I receive.
If I just touch your hem, I'll be made whole.
' And I receive it right now from the top of my head to the soles of our feet.
We're healed and whole and well.
So, Father, I thank you, Lord, for the body that was broken for us.
And we take it by faith that we don't have sickness in our bodies.
We don't have disease in our bodies.
No weapon formed against us is going to prosper.
Every tongue that rises against us, we condemn it.
And we take this body in the name of Jesus, and we thank you, Father, for all that you've done and all that you continue to do in Jesus' name.
Now we take the blood, and we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
It's time to get serious about what the blood does for us.
It's the blood that never loses its power.
If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
And we take this blood right now and we thank you, Lord.
We confess our sins.
We plead the blood of Jesus Christ over our families, over my wife, my children, over the finances, everything.
We cover ourselves in the blood.
And we thank you, Lord, that you are protecting us, and no weapon—a thousand shall fall at our side and 10,000 at our right hand, but nothing shall come nigh us.
And we thank you, Lord, that you're bearing us up.
Those angels are bearing us up in their hands, lest we dash our foot against a stone.
Father, we enter into your throne room boldly in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Father, for it.
Glory to God.
We're redeemed.
Hallelujah.
You want to drink?
How many we have today?
Thirty-three.
That's cool.
That's a lot of people praying at one time, huh?
All right.
I got my water.
Now, there's a lot of you that don't understand the baptism of the Holy Ghost, and I understand that.
But I'm going to pray in the spirit.
So, I'm going to pray, and this is when we're going to enter in boldly into his throne, and we're going to see if he has anything to show us like he always does.
But we plead the blood over my eyes that I'm not snared by any satanic or demonic spirits.
No, nothing, no weapon formed against me as I cover my mind right now.
I enter into your throne boldly.
And if you have anything to show me, Father, you'll show me.
If not, we'll just pray and we'll close it and go on.
We're not here to perform.
It's not a performance.
This isn't trying to get more subscribers.
Who cares?
This is about being busy about my Father's work, seeking him, and finding him.
That's what it's about to me.
But I'm just allowing you in on my prayer time because this is what we were going to do anyway, pray about this war and what's going on.
So, I just thought—I felt the Holy Spirit say, "Brandon, pray and bring the people to pray.
This is serious.
Pray for the 14th.
Pray for the weeks after.
" Okay.
We call all hidden things to be revealed.
We pray for our Homeland Security.
We pray for the FBI.
We pray over the President and his family.
We plead the blood of Jesus Christ over them right now in the name of Jesus.
We thank You, Lord, that no weapon formed against them is going to prosper.
We pray over Washington, D.
C.
, and all its surrounding areas.
We come against any kind of terrorist plot, any kind of act of war.
We thank You, Lord, that all hidden things be revealed and exposed.
I see it like this—I just saw it—just like it was when Gideon...
We pray it right now.
Joshua.
It's Joshua.
I know.
Wasn't it when they went in the camp and all the enemies turned on themselves?
Yeah, turning on themselves.
It's not Gideon; it's Joshua.
Yeah.
We call confusion in the enemy's camp.
They're not able to adequately talk to each other.
I see internet chatter.
You know, it's not ChatGPT.
What's the thing where they're talking, communicating back and forth?
WhatsApp?
Telegram?
Yeah, call confusion in the camp so that it's strategic—like everybody trying to communicate together to do it all simultaneously.
We call confusion in their camp.
It happened in Joshua and Judges, so both Gideon and Joshua.
Well, at least I heard that right.
Isn't it something when you're praying live and you go, "Oh goodness, here we go.
" Yeah, both of them.
Praise the Lord.
So Gideon and Joshua caused confusion in the camp.
Yes.
So I see it, that's what we're doing.
We're bringing down the strongholds, right?
Praise the Lord.
Thank You, Father.
This shows you we're all just a work in progress.
We're pressing and going from glory to glory.
He's changing us into His likeness and image, to perfect in me the love of God shown to the world.
For He's changing me from earthly things to the heavenlies.
From glory to glory, He's changing me.
Hallelujah.
I love that song.
I'm so glad He's changing me.
Over the trains, the trucks, and the vans, we call for exposing.
We call for exposing over the big dump trucks.
We call it in the name of Jesus.
We thank You, Father, for the harvest.
We call them in.
We call the blinders off their eyes, for Satan has blinded the eyes of the unbelievers.
We call those unbelieving eyes to be eyes that understand and see.
We speak to those eyes: eyes open in the name of Jesus!
Come out of your spiritual deadness.
We thank You, Lord, for a supernatural visitation and manifestation of the glory and outpouring of Your Spirit on the lost.
We call them in.
Oh, we call them in.
One last call, one last major harvest.
It's interesting because He's going down the harvest of the souls right now, calling in these lost, calling in the harvest.
We call over Los Angeles, all the way up to Seattle, for signs will follow them that believe.
Signs will follow them that believe.
Oh, we believe, Lord.
Let the glory of the Lord rise in us.
The great tent revivals of old will come again.
We call the great tent revivals coming in again.
Oh Lord, we thank You.
Brush Arbor Churches.
We won't become so familiar with the glory, Father, when it comes.
We'll not take it for granted—the healings and the demonstrations and the manifestations of the glory.
We'll not take it for granted.
Oh Lord, we'll not take it for granted.
He says, "Work while it is day, for night is coming.
" He says, "Satan, get your hands off our unsaved loved ones!
" We call them into the kingdom of God.
We call them in in the name of Jesus.
According to Ephesians 1, if the eyes of their understanding would be enlightened, we call their eyes to be enlightened today.
Flood them with light today.
We call them out of the pit of hell, out of the darkness.
They'll not burn forever; they'll be in heaven forever with us.
We're going to have them.
We'll not have you taking them.
We're not going to allow it.
We take our rightful seat and place of authority according to Ephesians.
We're seated with You in the heavenlies tonight.
Father, we call the people out of hell.
They're not going to go.
The things that hold them down—drug addictions, sexual addictions—oh, what the devil meant for bad, God, You're going to turn it around for good in their favor.
You're going to turn it around for good.
Give them ears to hear and a heart to receive what the Spirit of the Lord is saying.
The blinders are falling off, the bondages are falling off.
We call freedom over them right now.
Oh Lord, we call freedom.
The chains that seem to bind them are there only to remind them.
They'll drop powerless behind them when we praise Him.
When we praise Him, praise the Lord.
We praise You, Father.
We worship You, Father.
The chains are breaking off.
Oh Lord, we praise You.
The great harvest of souls.
Oh Lord, one last push, one last call.
Visit America one more time in the greatest move that we've ever seen before.
We call for revival.
We call for a great reawakening from sea to shining sea all around this great nation.
Father, we call forth a revival.
For You said, 'I've given you a window.
What will you do with the window?
' It's not a time to shrink back in fear.
It's a time to rise up with a backbone like a crowbar and take the land for Jesus.
We take authority over this spirit of Antifa.
We say you will bow your knee in the mighty name of Jesus.
We will not have these riots across this beautiful country burning our cities.
You'll not do this.
We bind you in the name of Jesus.
Cease and desist your maneuvering against us.
We plead the blood of Jesus over this great nation, for these marches where the people won't even show up.
Go home, find something better to do.
We call peace on this nation.
We call peace, extending and stressing out our law enforcement and our National Guard.
It's an Antichrist spirit.
We're still here.
We pray over our nations.
We pray over Africa.
We pray over Asia.
We pray over South America.
We pray over Europe.
We pray over the Middle East.
We thank You, Lord, that You're stirring in the hearts of our leaders.
You're stirring; we call it stirring.
That You would visit them in the midnight hour, Lord.
That You would visit them in the midnight hour.
Let them have an experience with You in the midnight hour.
Shake to awaken.
For You said You were shaking the politics, You were shaking the church, You're going to shake the foundation of the earth, You're going to shake the finances, and You're going to shake the heavens.
Shake it, Lord.
Shake it and wake them up, Lord.
That not one should perish, but all come to repentance.
We call the incurables cured.
We call the healings healed.
Whatever they need, nothing's too big and nothing's too small.
It may be a hangnail.
It may be something incurable in the doctor's eyes, but we call them healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
I see healings taking place right now as you're watching me right now live.
I see healings taking place.
I see healings.
I see the glory of the Lord visiting you right now in your households.
I call it in.
I call healing right now in the name of Jesus.
From the top of your head to the soles of your feet.
Healing over your bodies.
Pray.
It's not a Holy Ghost lottery.
Don't have to call out what you're believing for.
Believe for it right now and take it by faith.
Receive what He has for you.
Say, "I take it, Father.
I take it.
I take it now.
" Oh, the glory is here.
Yes, the glory is here.
You just got to take it.
I can sense His mighty presence in the very atmosphere.
For whatever you may need, reach out and receive and say, "It's mine.
I take it now.
" Oh, the glory is here.
Yes, the glory is here.
I can sense His mighty presence in the very atmosphere.
So whatever you may need, reach out and receive and say, "It's mine.
I take it now.
" Receive it and say, "It's mine.
" We receive it by faith today, Lord.
We receive everything that You have for us.
We'll lack no good thing, Lord, and say, "It's mine.
I take it now.
" Oh, the glory is here.
Yes, the glory is here.
I can sense His mighty presence in the very atmosphere.
So whatever you may need, reach out and receive and say, "It's mine.
I take it now.
" I believe it.
I believe it.
I receive it.
That's what you got to say: "I believe it, I receive it.
" I believe whatever the Lord has for me, I believe it.
He became sickness, He became disease.
I don't have to walk in poverty.
I don't have to walk in lack.
I don't have to have barely enough and barely getting by.
He's an abundant supply.
Every good thing, every perfect thing comes from the Father.
He has it all.
God is a good God and the devil's a bad devil.
For the Lord He is good, and His mercy endures forever.
Now Father, we lift up Israel.
That's why we came here.
But we prayed about it, what You told us to do.
Now God, we're going this way.
He said, "Go this way now.
" I said, "Okay, I'll do it.
That's what He said to do.
" He said, "There's much more I need to show you.
" That's what He said.
It's Your dance, Lord.
We follow.
I'm thirsty, Lord.
We sit at Your feet.
We're never in a rush.
We sit at Your feet, Father.
What is on Your heart today, oh God, concerning these things?
Not what we want, but what do You have to say, Father?
We pray and we do what You say, Father, and we will say what You say.
Speak, Lord, and we are hearing.
We knock at the door, and You said You'd open it.
Seek and you'll find Me.
It's really interesting when I come up to it.
You can feel it in the spirit.
And you know He said, "How to eat an elephant?
" Remember, one bite at a time.
Don't worry about it.
Take care out of your prayer concerning these things.
Yes.
So He said, "Don't worry.
Don't get all over that and worry.
Take your care out of your prayer.
" So many people have so much care, and they take the care.
God's not in the care of the prayer.
We're believing believers.
Yes, we're believing believers.
We're not doubters.
Either you believe or you don't.
You're a believing believer who has faith and what Jesus said He would do, He would do it, or you don't.
Are you a doubter?
Are you a believer?
But we're not begging.
We don't go to Him begging.
We're not begging believers.
We're believing believers.
There's a lot of people begging all the time: "God, please help.
God, do this.
Oh, God.
" We're not beggars.
We're believers.
Faith calls those things that be not as though they were.
Either you believe it or you don't.
That's why I say, "I'm not moved by what I see.
I'm not moved by what I feel.
I'm moved by what the word says.
" Yes.
We're believing believers who believe what the word says.
And we can have what we say.
Life and death is in the power of your tongue.
What are you saying out of your mouth?
"Oh no, everything's going down.
We're going to zero.
The sky is falling.
Oh no.
" No.
You have what you say.
Change what you say out of your mouth.
Change it.
We're believing believers that change things.
We believe things are going to get better for the church.
We're rising up with a backbone like a crowbar.
Yes.
Okay, I get to that door and I just go, "Oh goodness, that's me.
I'm speaking to myself.
I'm not talking to y'all.
You're just part of my prayer time.
" Because you get over in the flesh and you start getting worried about what I'm seeing, and I don't want to talk about what I'm seeing.
So I just get up to that door and I go, "Oh.
" So the Lord said, "Don't worry about it.
" That's what He's talking to me, and you're just in on it.
He's talking to me: "Don't worry about how you bite it.
Bite one bite at a time, Brennan.
" A glimpse into our private parcel.
Yeah, you're getting a glimpse of...
So, He's correcting me.
"Well, you're a believing believer, are you not?
" Yeah, He's correcting me.
So, that's what I'm telling you all.
I'm hearing what He's saying, and He's correcting me.
It's like so weird because I'm talking to people on the internet.
I just go, "Okay.
" Oh, this is so personal to me, letting people in my little circle, and I just go, "Okay, God.
" It's very awkward, isn't it?
Well, it's a blessing.
It's a blessing, but at the same time, I'm just saying for me, it's because it's how you do it.
It's transparent.
This is how we do it.
This is how I do it.
You keep on going.
Okay, well, we're going to press.
That's what I'm saying.
Don't look at the door and look behind that door because what I just saw makes my flesh go, "Uh-oh.
" Instantaneously, your mind tries to get overwhelmed by what you're seeing over there.
My mind did.
Okay, so because I don't see everything I see because I'm live on this thing.
This is how prayer is.
But that's how you pray.
So He said how you do it is one bite at a time.
You're not...
you're a believing believer.
"What are you saying?
" That's what He's speaking to me.
"Say it, Brennan.
Be bold about what I'm showing you.
Pray into it.
" I'm like, "Oh, it's overwhelming.
" But I'm like, "Oh, my flesh is going, how do I do this?
" And I'm like, "Get out of the natural.
You got to get in the spirit.
Flow in the river.
We're going tubing.
" Yes, it's time to go tubing.
You can't sit there and go, 'Well, oh no, there's giants in the land, and we're the size of grasshoppers.
' Yeah, you know, because that's what your flesh wants to do when you see certain things.
And I go, 'Oh, I'm up to the door.
' And I'm like, 'That door is really big.
' And what I saw behind it is big.
And that's when you can't be moved by what you see.
You can't be moved by what you feel.
You're moved by what the Word says: 'Greater is He that is in me than he that is in the world.
' Does that make sense?
I hope that makes sense.
Yes, so good.
Okay, so let's go at it.
Greater is He.
Father, we pray over Benjamin, Benjamin Netanyahu.
I don't know his name, but Father, we pray over him right now in the name of Jesus.
And this war stuff you said, 'Consider the cost.
Consider the cost.
This is very expensive.
' I remember what you said yesterday.
You said, 'This is very expensive if you push this button.
' Oh, I see it.
I see it again.
The 50-gallon drums.
I see the 50-gallon drums on the truck through Syria, in Damascus, you hear me?
In the underground cities again in Iran.
Oh man, it's in a mountain, in a cave.
We call all hidden things to be revealed with Hamas.
You hear me?
That's why He said, 'I circled the month of September and I told you there was a cloud on that.
' Remember that cloud I told you about?
Diana, I said there was something about September when He circled it and I saw the dust on it.
And I said, 'What is this?
' This is Rosh Hashanah, do you remember?
And I said this is the time frame the Lord said to pray over September.
Oh, and I see Iraq.
I see our troops again.
Pray over our troops.
Oh, Father, a thousand shall fall at their side and ten thousand at their right hand, over our bases in Iraq.
We pray over them.
We pray over our men and women of service.
Oh, I see a swarm of drones.
And it's nighttime.
We pray over our troops.
We pray over our men and women of service.
No, you do not touch them.
These are from Russia.
There's something tied to Russia.
Now I'm seeing Australia, and that's what I think is interesting.
What does Australia have to do with that?
What is Australia?
Father, I'm seeing Australia.
He said, 'Pray for their protection.
Pray.
' There's an uprising.
I don't know why.
Pray over Australia.
Glory to God.
And all of a sudden, I went immediately to Canada.
I'm looking into Canada.
But what's interesting is going from each one.
There's a great shaking coming to Canada.
This is literal.
I see British Columbia.
There's a great shaking coming on the fault lines.
And the buildings are moving.
We call peace to the earth.
That's instantaneous.
We pray peace to the earth.
Some things are to happen on purpose.
Some things are shaking because of what I said in the Word: 'There'll be earthquakes in diverse places.
' He just said some things will take place, you understand?
But it doesn't have to hurt you.
That's what He said.
He said, 'It doesn't have to hurt you.
' I'm not participating; I'm covered in the blood.
Yes, it doesn't have to hurt.
He said, 'But it don't have to hurt you, the believer.
I'm always in the right place at the right time.
No fear here.
' That's what He's saying.
Most people, they go, 'Oh no, it's about me.
' No, no.
I'm a believing believer.
I'm in the right place at the right time.
Yellowstone.
Believing believers.
See, part of prayer is listening.
This is the part we edit because you don't want to be silent for a long time on a broadcast, you know, you be quiet.
You don't sit there just ratchet-jawing all the time.
Listen, pray, pause, listen.
It's not a hurry.
It's not a rush.
That's why I don't do live a lot.
It's quiet.
You let Him talk.
I've been praying for so long now.
Let Him talk.
Be quiet.
You have to listen.
Get quiet inside.
That's what I'm trying to teach you all so much.
Just pray.
Okay.
Amen.
Bye.
It's dominion.
But for the sake of them, Brandon, did pray—this is for you, this is private, you know, I do it later.
I listen.
I see it.
So we pray over Israel.
We pray over those 50-gallon drums.
We pray over this, that they eliminate the nuclear capabilities of them.
I saw a setting back.
There's more to come.
I heard the Lord say right then, He just said, 'There's more to come.
This is just the beginning.
There's more to come.
There's a retaliation coming.
' That's why He says, 'Consider the cost.
' You hear?
But we call an iron dome of protection.
Even over America, we call an iron dome over America.
I see England, and I see Emmanuel Macron.
They're speaking out, condemning, they're upset about this.
Emmanuel Macron, as I speak, I see a speech.
I see a dividing of who stands and who doesn't.
And this is the difference between the goat and the sheep.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
I see goats and sheep.
We want to be a sheep nation.
I don't want to be a goat.
We don't always agree with an administration and the decisions people make, but we stand with the people and we stand with the Lord.
Administrations come and go, but we stand with Israel, the people, God's people.
Do you see?
I don't believe in separation theology.
Don't believe in it.
So if you believe in that, you're watching the wrong person.
I believe God's called us.
I believe there's a blessing on His people.
I believe those that bless Israel, He'll bless.
And I believe, yeah, we have people we don't always agree with in leadership, just like we do in America.
We don't agree with the far left, but we still pray for them and the decisions they make, that the hand of the Lord would be upon our leaders regardless of their boneheaded decisions or not.
Do you understand?
We still pray for our leaders.
We say, 'Father, have your hand on them.
' Thank you, Lord, that you give them wisdom and you would correct them if they need correcting.
If they need to correct Trump, you correct him.
Let them have a heart that—because even what Diana's talking about, she said He hardens the hearts and He softens the hearts.
We pray softness over their hearts.
He hardened the heart of Pharaoh how many times, and then He made it soft and they all fled.
Israel was able to escape and then He hardened the heart.
We can pray, 'Father, I thank you that you soften the hearts of our leaders today.
' We soften the hearts of President Trump.
We soften the heart of JD Vance.
And we thank you, Lord, that they're pliable in your hands, that you're the potter and we're the clay.
You mold us and make us each day.
Soften their hearts toward you, Father.
Oh, Father, we thank you, Lord.
Soften hearts all around the world.
Father, I thank you, Lord, you soften the heart of Xi Jinping and over Kim Jong-un and all the tyrants, over all of them.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that you're softening the hearts.
If you could deal with Pharaoh, you can deal with them.
Glory to God.
You believe that today?
Yes.
Do you believe that today?
He can soften the hearts of our leaders.
Even if they're dead wrong, say, 'Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're moving in our behalf today.
You're softening the hearts today, making them pliable.
They're the clay, Lord.
You're pushing on them and you're molding them on that potter's wheel, and you're molding them.
Sometimes they're hard on purpose.
Remember, he used Pharaoh and it was to get what needed to be done, done.
It's for a purpose.
Look at the testimony that came out of that.
Yes.
Look at the testimony that came out of Israel.
It came out of a hard time, but boy, when they left, they left with the silver and the gold, and not a feeble one among them.
They left with the riches of Egypt, and they left healed.
And I believe the body of Christ is leaving healed.
That's what the revival is for.
Not a feeble one among us.
Yes.
I remember what I told you.
You'll have to resist it and say, "I don't want this healing.
" That's how much it's going to be in this next revival.
Lord, I don't know about that.
No, I'm talking you're going to have to just flat lay down and play dumb.
I don't want this.
It's going to be a glorious church, praise God, without spot or wrinkle.
Yes.
Not weak, busted, and disgusted, barely getting by, hiding in a hole.
Come and get us, Lord.
No, with a backbone, healed and whole and well.
Not with satanic bondage, walking around going, "Oh, no.
How, you know, I've been dealing with this and dealing with that.
" No, I'm talking about He came to set the captives free.
Yes.
Do you believe it?
I believe it.
I believe you've come to set the captives free.
I believe, Father, that you died and rose again on the third day.
I believe you're the Son of God, Jesus.
I thank you, Lord, that you wrote my name in the Lamb's Book of Life, that you've built in me a big house, a big old mansion in heaven.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that the best is yet to come.
It's like Kim says, "I'm somewhere in the future, and it looks a lot better than it looks right now.
" Yes.
I'm telling you, we have glorious days ahead, folks.
A thousand-year reign with Jesus.
Thank you, Jesus, for you've made a way for us to walk in victory.
We're on the victory side.
Yeah, we're on the victory side.
We're not living underneath the bottom of the barrel, the barrel on top of us.
It's time to get excited about what God is doing in us.
The word is working mightily in me.
Do you believe it?
Is it working mightily in you?
Thank you, Father.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
How long's this been going on, son?
An hour and 21.
Hour and 21.
It's always about that.
Yeah.
You can feel the flow.
Sometimes you go longer.
There's more to pray.
He said, "If you want to save it for another day, you can do it.
" I have nowhere else to go.
I want to work.
Yeah.
If they want to pray, they'll stay.
If they don't, fine.
Yes.
But Father, I thank you, Lord.
We pray over our nation over the Fourth of July.
We pray over these trucks.
I see the trucks.
I see the vans.
People say, "Oh, those vans.
Where'd they go?
You said there's vans.
" No, no, they're still there.
I see them.
The vans, the trucks with the 50-gallon drums, the fertilizer.
Oh, we thank you, Lord.
They're coming out of the secret places and they'll be busted.
All our Homeland Security, our FBI, they're top-notch.
I thank you for top-notch because they're seeing and they're knowing.
They're seeing.
They may not even know they're hearing you, Father.
But Father, you're revealing the hidden things.
You're revealing the hidden things.
We pray over every hidden thing be revealed.
We can even touch on that virus right now, folks.
We're together.
We can pray.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that not one virus, not the virus, that this new biological weapon, this thing that you showed me, Father, with this AI—Father, I thank you, not one of us—it would touch any of us.
Father, a thousand shall fall at our side and ten thousand at our right hand, it won't come nigh.
But Father, I thank you, Lord, that it's shrinking.
It's diminishing.
And it will not happen at all.
It won't happen at all.
It won't happen to us.
That's what I stand on.
We have a covenant.
Won't happen to us.
Stay on track.
So He said, "Stay on track.
Pray this way back over there.
Pray over the Trump Towers.
" That's what He said.
He said, "Brandon, pray over my towers.
Pray over those towers.
I'm in New York.
Pray over Chicago.
Pray over New York.
The towers, Trump towers, the hotels.
" That's serious.
It's about those towers and praying over retaliation, touching things that are important to him, touching things that are important to him, hitting him where it hurts.
So, we pray a hedge of protection around President Trump right now.
We pray a hedge of protection.
It's like what was going on with Elon speaking out and saying things that are rude, trying to hurt him because they're friends.
It cuts.
People hurt you.
They hurt you.
You trust them and they're friends to you, and then they backstab you and they hurt you.
Words hurt regardless.
"Well, I'm sorry for saying that.
" It still hurts.
"Well, I shouldn't have said that.
I shouldn't have said that in my tweet.
" Well, yeah, you're right, you shouldn't.
It's not very mature, was it?
No, but it still hurt.
You trust people.
Father, I thank you for supernatural wisdom, that he would allow around him the people that are good.
That he would have more discernment on who's bad in his inner circle.
That he would know, don't allow this person, this person, this person.
I saw three more people that are rats.
There's three more rats.
It makes me angry.
The devil will strategically put people around you, and you'll have Delilahs around you, and you don't even know they're cutting your hair.
Samson knew.
He told her.
But I'm just saying it's a type and shadow.
You allow Delilahs in your inner camp, and they're cutting your hair, telling the Philistines, and you go, "Oh, well, I trusted her.
" She's Delilah, huh?
You don't trust Delilah.
Delilah is Delilah.
Jezebel's a Jezebel.
You know, don't be friends with Jezebel.
Don't be friends with Delilah.
"Tell him the meaning of the riddle.
" They tell the meaning of the riddle.
Yeah.
It's the first wife.
Yep.
And that's what we pray for Trump to have discernment on who he allows around him.
Yes.
That he would walk in a supernatural wisdom like Solomon.
And when they tried to divide the baby, you know who the real mother is.
You know who the real mother is, said Trump.
We pray for that for you.
They would say, "Oh, you're the false mother.
Divide her and divide the baby in two.
" No, no, no, no.
You're the right mom.
We pray for wisdom like Solomon on President Trump, that he would lead this nation for this window of opportunity for three and a half years, lining up strategically to get the job done, putting it strategically in place.
Yes.
For the end times.
Thank you, Father.
He said, "I raised him up on purpose, and I pray a hedge of protection around this man.
I pray a hedge around his wife and around the decisions that he makes in the future, even concerning this Israel thing is strategic.
Who do you line up with?
Who do you stand with?
" I'm talking about the sheep and the goats.
I hear it.
The sheep and the goats are coming, a dividing of the lines of things.
There's a blessing and a cursing.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for the protection of his towers.
We thank you, Lord, for his hotels, for everyone in the hotels, for the Fourth of July.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the 14th all the way up until the 4th of July.
There's a covering over.
We'll keep praying as a family here, praying over our nation, praying over things like how we did clear up until his inauguration.
The Lord told me, remember, I warned you all, I saw June and the Lord said, pray over June and July.
But I saw more attempts trying to hurt him.
Pray over him.
Pray for protection.
Nothing happened last time, and it won't happen again.
We're not going to see it.
No.
God has a purpose and a plan for him to live long and finish strong.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Jesus.
Thank you, Lord.
Hallelujah.
We thank you for this great nation, Father, for all the protests on the 14th.
They're just going to dwindle to nothing.
They're going to fall apart.
Confusion in the enemy's camp, Father, that we'll have peace upon America.
Peace in the name of Jesus.
Peace, Father.
Amen and amen.
Everybody believe that today?
Well, I appreciate everybody joining me.
Does anybody have anything else they see?
It's not all about me; I'm just here.
I saw a lot of people asking for prayer for unsaved loved ones.
We pray for them.
I felt a great push on that tonight.
Call in those unsaved loved ones, born again today, that you're going to wake up in heaven and suddenly everything has an expiration date in your life.
Remember that you may go to bed with something and wake up totally free.
You don't know, you know what I'm saying?
I'm believing that the expiration date is today.
Your unsaved, they call you and say, 'Hey, listen, I gave my heart to Jesus today.
It was wild.
And I came across this guy, and he was in the mall and he walked up to me and started witnessing to me, and I thought, I'll just listen to this guy for a little bit, and I felt the anointing and it came on me, and I gave my heart to Jesus.
' You don't know, it could happen.
Believe God for big.
Go on praying for the Christians in Iran, their protection.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for the Christians in Iran, the Americans in Iran.
If there's any Americans, if there's any Christians, Father, we thank you, Lord, that you put a hedge around and about them, that they're not in harm's way.
We thank you, Lord, that they're always in the right place at the right time, and we cover them in the blood of Jesus.
And those secret intel people that I saw, I saw secret spies in each one, we pray supernatural protection over them in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Father, for healing and deliverance over their bodies.
We thank you, Lord, for it.
Well, everybody say amen and amen.
I appreciate you being here today.
I hope this blessed y'all.
I just felt an urgency to pray, praying over these things.
I believe we've done some great things in the spirit realm.
Salvation, yes, Diana said salvation.
Yes.
If you are here and you have never said the sinner's prayer, you've never asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal Savior, we want to lead you in that prayer right now.
I don't ever want to close any kind of broadcast without giving you an opportunity to make a choice.
It's time to make a choice.
It's time to get right with Jesus.
If you've never accepted him, today is your day.
I want you to say this prayer after me.
It doesn't have to be all religious, y'all.
I'm the furthest thing from religious.
I'm telling you, I'm just me, you know?
But I'm just telling y'all, it's nothing hyperspiritual or weird.
It's relationship.
And you just have to say a simple prayer and believe it in your heart and just say, 'Jesus, I need you.
' So, just say this prayer with me.
Father, I believe Jesus, I believe you're the son of God.
I believe you died on the cross and you rose again on the third day.
I ask you to write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
I'm a sinner and I need a savior.
Forgive me of my sins.
Forgive me, I've messed up.
I can tell you I mess up, Lord, but I know your grace is sufficient for me.
I want to make you my Lord and personal Savior.
Cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
The Bible says, 'If you confess your sins, he is faithful and just to forgive you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness.
' So today, Father, I confess my sins before you.
I have a ton.
And I thank you that you're cleansing me from all unrighteousness.
I want to be saved.
I want to be born again.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you.
From this day forward, I make you my leader, my all in all.
Today, Lord, I make you my leader.
Forgive me, I'm coming home.
I need you.
That's it.
You say, 'Well, Brandon, that wasn't that good of a prayer.
' That's all it needs; it's from the heart.
Confession is made with the heart.
It's a heart thing.
We don't have to be religious.
It's up to your heart.
What do you believe?
I believe he forgave me.
Do you believe he forgives you?
You may have a rap sheet that's huge, all kinds of things.
You think God is so far out there, God's never going to forgive me, I've messed up so big, he'll never accept me.
But guess what?
As you confessed it, he's forgiven it and he's cleansed you from it, and it's as far as the east is from the west.
He doesn't remember it.
Yes, it's in the sea of forgetfulness.
I believe it.
Now, what do you do?
I always say this: find a Bible-believing church that will teach you the word of God.
And you'll know when you get there, you'll fit.
You'll feel good.
The Holy Spirit will lead you.
Then read your Bible every day and pray.
Volunteer at the church, pray, and seek him.
Witness to people, do everything.
You're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
The moment you said that prayer, you're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
He's all inside of you.
He's running overflow of the Holy Ghost.
You can't do any more to get saved.
It's done.
Your name is written in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Now, you can turn away and skin your knee and you can fall down.
But the moment you do that, you pick yourself up and say, 'Father, I messed up today.
Forgive me.
' And keep going.
That's why I take communion all the time.
Run to God, not away from him.
Yeah, you run to God when you sin, you don't run away from him.
Your sin is none of the devil's business.
Now, do you understand?
You belong to Jesus.
I don't care what the devil said.
He's a liar; he can't tell no truth.
The Bible says he's the father of lies.
So why would you listen to a liar?
And he's defeated and he's fixing to spend eternity in hell.
So why would we listen to a loser?
I'm listening to a winner.
I have a winner's mentality.
I listen to the Father; he's a winner.
He kicked his tail and made a show of him openly that, 'I am King of kings and Lord of lords, and, sucker, you're underneath my feet.
' Do you believe that or not?
That's why I say, when the devil tries to remind me of my past, 'Brandon, remember when you did this?
' I say, 'Oh, but you're going to burn in hell.
The lake of fire is coming for you.
' And he tries to bring up doubt in your life.
Tell him, 'I'm a believing believer, devil.
I'm not a doubter.
I doubt your doubt.
I'm not going to receive doubt.
I'm doubting your doubt right now.
I'm not receiving that.
' 'Well, you'll never get healed.
You're never going to get out of this.
Megan will never talk.
She's never...
' 'No, I doubt your doubt, devil.
I'm not receiving it.
I'm not receiving what you say.
' He always tries to come in discouragement, trying to speak in your ear.
Remind him of his future.
Yes, you are going to burn in hell forever, and your time's coming faster.
I'm telling you, the clock's ticking.
The hands are straight up twelve and you're about to burn.
Just letting you know your time's running out.
You know it, and that's why you're scared.
He's trembling because he knows his time is coming to an end.
And most people go, "Well, no, Jesus is coming.
" Yeah, Jesus is coming.
It's time to get excited.
Yes.
Okay, so I'm back to the altar call.
I went off on a rabbit trail.
Sorry.
Squirrel!
Here I go again.
It's like that movie Up.
I love that.
"Up, squirrel!
" No, seriously, if you need a Bible and you can't afford a Bible, Diana and I want to buy you a Bible.
Email us.
The email address is in the description below, and then just put "Bible" in the subject line of the email and give us your address, and I'll send a Bible from Amazon to you for free.
Is that a blessing?
We won't do anything with your information.
So, yeah, and we're not going to bother you ever again.
So don't go saying, "Well, no, he's asking just so they can mail us stuff.
" I don't want junk mail either.
I get it.
Oh, God, more trash.
These are fire starters.
I don't need fire starters.
You have all these fire starters in your house.
I have a big drawer of them.
I go, "Oh man, don't send me stuff.
Email me or something.
" You know, I don't want paper stuff.
It's like fire starters.
Whatever.
Well, I appreciate y'all being here today.
But please do, if you need a Bible, we'd love to help you.
It's time.
You got to read it.
The only way you're going to have victory over the devil is if you understand the word of God.
You've got to get that word down inside of your heart and make it your foundation.
If you don't have a foundation of the word of God for what I see coming, you're going to be on sandy soil and you're in trouble.
You've got to get the word down inside your heart, and it changes you from the inside out.
It changes you from the inside out.
It's the word that's working mightily in me.
Do you believe that today?
You've got to get that word.
People say, "I don't understand it.
" Then find a Bible that you understand.
There's tons on the Bible app.
I think there's I don't know how many interpretations or different versions of it.
And there's so many people that say the King James Version is the only one you should read.
But if you don't understand it, then it's not getting inside of you.
If you're not getting it inside of you, it's not changing you from the inside out.
And guess what?
The devourer is coming.
The Bible says he comes as a roaring lion seeking whom he may devour.
Yes, whom he may devour.
Who is he able to devour?
The people who don't understand who they are.
The people who don't have a covenant, that don't know it, that don't understand Ephesians.
"Well, Ephesians is so hard to understand.
I don't understand.
" Why?
Because you didn't read it.
And you don't understand because you're reading a Bible that you don't get.
You keep going round robin with things.
You're going around the mountain in the wilderness, just like the children of Israel, over and over and over again, thinking you're going to get better.
And insanity is to keep doing the same thing over and over expecting different results, and you're not getting different results unless you put the word of God inside of you and change yourself from glory to glory.
And the only thing that's ever going to change you is not prayer; it's the word of God.
Prayer is relationship, prayer is drawing close to Him and talking and fellowship, but the word is what works and changes you.
You've got to have the word.
I pick up my phone because that's my Bible.
That's where I take it with me everywhere.
I don't like carrying a big book around with me.
I carry it on my phone.
So if I'm in the car and I'm waiting on Diana somewhere, what's going on?
Something good is inside of there.
And you know what?
As we grow from glory to glory, you're finding new word and it's something new in there every time.
I've read that Psalms 91 fifty times, a hundred times, whatever, and I found something brand new in there.
That's why Diana's Bible, if you saw hers, it looks like a coloring book.
I say, "My wife is coloring in her Bible all the time.
" I have a white highlighter.
I tell her, "What are you doing over there?
" She says, "This is good.
" I'm like, "Okay.
" She's highlighting everything, just like this.
That's what I hear all the time.
I say, "You...
" She goes, "I ran out of highlighters again today, Brennan.
" I said, "That's the fifth pack this couple weeks.
What are you doing over there?
" "I'm coloring.
It's good, don't you know?
" I'm like, "Yeah, okay.
" She has a large print Bible.
She gets one every year.
At the beginning of the year, she gets it, and she got a new one.
She found the original Amplified.
Yeah, the Amplified Classic.
It's hard to find now.
Yeah, I got a parallel one, parallel King James.
I'm excited about it.
She's flexing on it right now.
I switch versions.
So, you know, I'll go to the New Living Translation.
And then we're reading the book on heaven.
Do you have that book?
Oh, you don't.
Your laptop's in your lap, so you can't get it.
It's right there, baby.
There's somebody in here that has OCD and they're wanting prayer.
So, okay, Paisley said she wanted me to tell you.
She says, "Can you pray for this person who has OCD?
" Yes, Paisley's in there crying out for whoever this is with OCD.
Paisley's in the chat, my little girl.
This book, I'm telling y'all, I just love this.
We got another book from somebody who sent us a book yesterday, and they said they visited heaven and hell, and I was like, well, that's another one to read.
I don't know what that's all about.
We'll have to see.
Some things, I'm going to be real with y'all.
Sometimes we go through things, and I don't feel peace about reading some of these books.
And I said, "Don't do that.
" I'm not picking at you; I'm just saying the Lord won't allow me to do it.
But this is something that I'm telling y'all, I enjoy this book a lot, and I'm thankful.
I don't know who that man is, but Sister Billy Brim told us about it, and I'm telling you, we're cautious of what we listen to and what we read, and what you're putting in your spirit.
Don't put everything in your spirit that every Tom or whatever comes around and gives you and says, "This is spiritual, read it.
" Be discerning of what you let in your eyes.
Don't just feed on everything, because you don't know if they're listening to the Holy Ghost or some familiar spirit as they're writing that.
And I know some people get way off, and you go, "Hold on a minute, hold on a minute.
" It's like some of the things I hear, I have to go strictly.
That's why I don't do a lot of collabs, if you notice.
It's like whenever some people reach out to you and say, "Hey, I want you to do collabs," I just don't feel peace about it because I don't know what they're going to say in the future, and I don't want you to say, "Well, I've connected with them, and Brandon approves of it," and I don't know what they're going to say.
So I'm very cautious because I take this platform very seriously, what God's given me.
And I don't want to lead you all wrong.
It's that important to me that we pray and we do what God's called us to do.
That's why I'm like, should I do that collab?
I don't know.
No, probably not, because I don't control them.
But the moment you start linking up with some folks, you go, "I shouldn't have done that.
" Not that I'm any better, because I don't want to let anybody down either.
I'm just telling you all, but I guard it.
This is a baby to me.
Our ministry is a baby, and it's praying over it and seeking the Father daily for a fresh word for you.
The Lord said, "Remain as an oasis in the desert for the people to come and drink from.
" And that takes work.
It's not something you just—it's work.
You have to work it.
You stay in the river.
But to stay in the river, you have to stay vertical and you've got to stay with Him.
And that takes dying to self.
And most people go, "Well, you just get there.
" Well, you know, no.
You die daily.
That's what the Bible, the Apostle Paul, right?
He said, "I die daily.
" I'm getting that.
Why did he die daily?
Because he had to stay vertical.
And the flesh is always trying to scream louder than your spirit.
It's like, "I want a cupcake.
Brandon, take me to get ice cream.
" I'm like, "Shut up.
Shut up.
" You drive by Baskin-Robbins or Braum's, and you're going, "Shut up.
" And I'm driving.
I told Dee, I go, "Gosh, I want that ice cream right there.
" Especially Paisley.
And I've got a little girl in the back.
Paisley is always going, "Daddy, I want a treat.
" I'm like, "You didn't.
" Oh, okay, snow cone.
I don't know, especially in the summer now.
Like, she's wanting you to pray for—oh, I know.
I've got this: OCD and drugs.
OCD and drugs.
You've got a little Paisley in the background going, "Pray, Daddy.
" I know, baby, I will.
Okay.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that OCD is broken off of this individual right now in the name of Jesus.
We take authority over the spirit of OCD.
We tell you to bow your knee in the name of Jesus.
Release them and let them go from the top of their head to the soles of their feet.
I call you delivered from OCD.
Come out of them in Jesus' name.
You foul devil, you foul, unclean spirit, you come out of them in the name of Jesus Christ.
Let them go.
Yes, you do, you let them go.
Delivered, set free in the name of Jesus.
Thank You, Lord.
From the top of their head to the soles of their feet, obsessive-compulsive disorder is broken off of them now in Jesus' name.
The Lord said PTSD; I say freedom from PTSD, night terrors, night terrors.
I call healing, wholeness, and wellness over your mind right now.
You sleep soundly through the night, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
You sleep.
He said He gives His beloved sweet and restful sleep.
And I call peace over you, for He said, "Peace I leave with you.
My peace I give to you.
" That means you've already got it.
He already has given you that peace that passes all understanding, and we receive that peace right now in the name of Jesus.
And deliverance from drugs and healing from brain cancer.
Healed from brain cancer, cancer dried up, go away.
Thank You, Lord, that there's no more of that pain and that there's freedom from drugs—drugs of all kinds: oxycodone, oxycodone, heroin, meth, and even light drugs like marijuana.
We call you free in the name of Jesus.
We call them free in the name of Jesus, especially over fentanyl.
We call fentanyl, we speak to be free from fentanyl in the name of Jesus, healed and whole and well.
And we call all those cravings to dry up, drying up right now, drying up right now, that the absolute look and sight of it would make them nauseous, that it would be repulsive to them.
They'll never touch it again.
Father, You're the Most High, and Father, You fill them up to the overflow, and they don't ever need any other high other than You in Jesus' name.
Alcohol addiction.
I see alcohol.
You say, "Well, I just drink occasionally.
" Alcohol addiction—it's trying to get a root in your life.
It's trying to get a stronghold on you, social drinking.
Well, "I'll just drink a glass of wine with my friends everywhere," but the enemy is trying to get a stronghold.
I don't know who this is.
This right here, I see a white countertop.
This is a woman, and it's social drinking.
Could be a man, too.
Don't know if it's for you too and you're a man, but I'm specifically talking to a woman right now—social drinking with your girlfriends, and the devil's trying to come in through this alcohol, and he's trying to get a stronghold on you.
Don't allow it.
If you give the devil an inch, he'll take a mile.
He doesn't play fair.
Well, "it's just friends, we're just socially doing this.
" Don't touch it.
Don't play with fire.
I'm telling you, it's time for you to be free from that.
Father, we thank You, Lord, for freedom right now in the name of Jesus.
We call freedom over these people right now, all the people who are dealing with social drinking and feeling it's okay.
We call them free in the name of Jesus, and we will not give any place for the devil.
The Bible says, "Give no place to the devil.
" Don't open any door for the devil, especially in these last days.
Father, we thank You, Lord, that they're free.
We thank You, Lord, they're free today, for whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
Father, we thank You for it right now in Jesus' name.
Amen.
I don't know who that was for, but I saw that really clear.
Somebody's talking about kidney transplants and lungs.
Father, we thank You for the kidney transplant and lungs.
Thank You, Lord, for the healing, wholeness, and wellness.
Now, I've prayed over that stage four cancer.
Stage four cancer is going away right now.
I believe it.
Thank You, Lord.
If you all remember the testimony when I prayed for the man walking down the road, and he needed two brand new lungs, and the doctor told him he's on a donor's list, and the power of the Holy Spirit went on him and delivered him.
He got two brand new lungs just walking around on the street.
We laid hands on him, and the Lord touched him.
I'm telling you, he ran up to me within—was it a week or so later?
Yeah, that was amazing.
It was amazing.
In fact, I've got a picture of him.
I never show it, I don't know, I probably should.
Yeah, I try to keep people's privacy.
His whole face, his whole—even though he was a black man, and he had gray skin because of the lack of life.
It's like his whole countenance, everything.
He just had this life come into him, and his face was shining.
It was amazing when he came to tell us his testimony.
He had tubes in his nose, and he was just grinning from ear to ear.
He walks around smiling all the time.
He said, "The Lord healed me," and he said, "They took me off the donor's list.
I don't need them anymore.
" I remember it.
I was standing out there mowing the grass, and the Lord touched his life, changed him from the inside out.
Do you get it?
God is a God who restores what the cankerworm ate, folks.
And He's about to restore everything in your life that you're believing for.
I want you to believe God for big today.
He restores what the cankerworm ate.
He'll restore it for you.
I'm telling you, I didn't expect anything, I'm going to be real with you, because, you know, you pray for some folks and sometimes you think, "Well, I don't know, do you?
" But God showed up.
Believe big.
That's why I go around, and I say, "Lord, I believe.
Lord, help my unbelief.
I don't want to be a doubter.
I believe, Lord, help my unbelief.
" If I've got unbelief in me, change me, Lord.
Faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.
The only way faith comes—you say, "Well, Brandon, you've seen these miracles.
You've seen dogs raised from the dead, you've seen all this stuff.
Boy, your faith has really increased.
" No.
The only way faith comes is not by seeing miracles.
It didn't say, "Faith cometh by seeing lots of miracles, so you'd better turn on a healing evangelist on the TV because it's going to increase your faith.
Boy, watching a lot of miracles ought to make your faith increase.
" No, that's not what the Bible said.
Faith cometh by hearing, and hearing, and hearing the word of God.
The only way faith comes—say this: "The only way my faith is going to grow is by getting in that word, not seeing miracles, but by hearing the word of God.
" And people need to know that.
They think, "Well, I'm going to see all this stuff and it's going to increase me.
I'm going to be Superman in faith.
" That's what I'm talking about.
Remember I told y'all yesterday I was seeing in the glory and the Lord showed me a super suit—our armor.
And he said that—I said it like, "our super suit, our armor, the armor of God.
" Now, that was cool because he said, "I'm going to show up and show off in your life if you believe me, Brandon.
You're carriers of the glory.
You're carriers.
" Are you a carrier of the King?
He lives on the inside of you.
You're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
You're a carrier of the King.
I drink my mineral water.
Water is kind of boring in itself, so I try to add this sparkling stuff.
So, I drink it a lot.
A lot of people say, "You shouldn't do that.
" I'm like, "It's better than Coke.
" I used to drink a lot of Diet Cokes and stuff, and I don't drink those anymore.
I got away from that because it's bad—aspartame and stuff.
I don't drink all that.
And then I went to those Stevia Cokes, you know.
I like the cream soda.
So, I try to drink these.
That company likes me.
Well, I don't know, I don't want to be boring you all.
I guess that's good enough for today.
We could come on here and just talk to y'all, but I try not to do that.
They said cream soda fire.
I agree, don't you?
The Stevia one.
I don't have any around.
Usually, I have like two or three laying around.
I like drinking stuff.
It's like you got the tea.
I told you, it's like Texas—we drink a lot of tea.
I love McAlister's tea.
And I can go in there and get a big jug of that, unsweet.
We won't drink the sweet anymore because it's making me blow up.
I don't want to get fat.
It took me a while to get used to drinking unsweet tea, but for a while, with the ice, I said, "Just add a lemon to it, Di.
I can't take this.
" Sweet is too sweet.
It tastes like syrup because most people put too much, I think.
Well, that lady said they put like four huge bags of sugar in a five-gallon thing.
And I'm like, "That's like diabetes in a jug.
" I'm not doing that.
I didn't realize it.
And we were drinking a lot of those sweet gallons because Megan liked it, you know.
And I said, "Well, it's not good for your teeth anyway because of all that sugar on those teeth, and I don't want cavities.
" So, I thought, "Well, why not just do the unsweet tea, and we'll try it.
" And now I'm getting used to it.
It took me a little bit.
It's the same thing when you get a sweet tooth like I've had, and you get in there and you snack on things, and then Diana finds those all-natural chips and she says, "This is natural.
" And I think, "Oh, it's natural; it's good for me.
" No, it ain't good for you, Brandon.
You don't need a bag of chips.
No, I like those.
Those are natural.
They're okay.
They're friendly.
But now she's on the kick of making bread.
And she found—okay, so listen to this, this is awesome, y'all.
She got these wheat berries from Billy Burke.
His wife sent them to us and she said, "I want to bless you.
I want to teach you how to make this bread.
" I love Billy Burke.
He is my friend.
And now he's my double friend because he taught us how to make muffins.
And she makes these muffins that are homemade, freshly milled.
She has a miller and she grinds up the wheat in there, and she gets the real berries and she grinds them up.
And Dina, she goes, "Honey, what kind do you want?
Ezekiel bread tonight.
" And there's all kinds of old grains—spelt—that are really good.
It starts with a K; I can't remember the other one.
And so she makes these hot muffins and I'm telling you what, they're a blessing.
I told her, "Okay, I'll do one or two a day.
" But they really are good for you because they scrub your colon walls.
So, they're helping you.
They're supposed to—now, it's like real fiber, you know, and so she's doing all this research stuff, finding out about the vitamins and stuff that's in real wheat, and how the processed flour is not as good for you.
So, it's really cool.
And I'm like, "Hey, you know, the history of it.
" We perish for a lack of knowledge.
And I told her, "The more we learn, the more we learn.
Isn't this wonderful?
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
" Hot muffins, hot muffins, woo!
With a little butter on there.
I said, "Thank you, baby.
" I said, "Diana, I need a hot muffin with a little blueberry in there.
" I don't know, I just try to be real with y'all, you know?
We're just real, y'all.
I get so—don't you get so tired of all the celebrity stuff where you can't just be real with people and just talk and be fun, where everybody's so out there?
But I realize the more people get kind of weird with you, and you got people that are kind of flaky and they try to stalk you and be weird, but we're just human.
We're just real.
I don't like all the celebrity Christian stuff.
We all put our pants on one leg at a time.
We all go to the bathroom.
We all stink and get BO.
And not one of us can say we don't.
No.
So, I don't care who you are that thinks you're so such-and-such, that's got a big old head walking in a room and going, "Well, I got it all going on.
" No, you don't.
You got issues and you're hiding them.
And I'm just being real with y'all.
You need Jesus just like I need Jesus.
And the only one that is perfect is him.
And we're all going from glory to glory.
And everybody has something they're going through, so stop trying to be something that you're not.
Just be like Jesus as best you can.
And we're all going to try—we'll all probably mess up, but we try.
You know, I try.
We ain't perfect.
But I'm going to tell you all, the Lord wants us to do what we're doing and I'll do it.
I just say, "Okay, God.
" You know, weight things, exercise—nobody wants to exercise, but I do it.
I try.
I told my flesh, "Shut up, flesh!
Get on that bike, ride, go out there, push the mower, do something, stop being lazy.
" All right, I've talked too much.
I'm going to get myself in trouble.
No, it's good, I like it.
Well, I think they need to hear it.
Sometimes it's good to hear it.
They're saying they like sourdough.
I want to try sourdough.
I want to do it.
Sourdough, uh-huh.
That's my goal, to get there.
Sourdough is good.
You haven't made that for me, but I've had it some other places.
"I'm a noob, I'm learning.
" What's my favorite?
It starts with a Kam—what is it?
Kamut.
No, not kombucha.
I like kombucha, too.
You like kombucha, do you all?
The Lord spoke to me—I was praying about kombucha and the fermented, the growing the mushrooms on top, you know, that fungus, and you ferment tea with it.
And he started talking to me about kefir.
And I was drinking the kefir and eating the grains because of—for your stomach, and for your bowels, and for your immune system, for probiotics.
And the Lord talks to me.
So, I drink a lot of kefir, and I know it's fattening.
Kamut, Kamut, that's the wheat.
But I make homemade kefir, and strain it, and sometimes it's real tart.
But I'll eat the grains off of there and it's like a treat.
It's kind of like yogurt, and I mix it with my yogurt and stuff, but it's full of probiotics and stuff.
So, we're learning about that.
There was a lady on YouTube that was talking about it, and that's where I—because I was praying in the spirit, and the Lord gives me these things.
It's kind of like this.
I'll let you in on another something.
I was praying about a berry, and the Lord said it was the size of your thumb and it was a goji berry.
The Lord said, "Pray about the goji berry," and I saw Mount Fuji.
And I saw this berry, and the Lord said, "Pray over this.
" I don't know, but when He talks about it and He tells me, I'll eat a couple of them.
I'm like, "Well, I know there's something about this.
" I don't know what the goji berry does, but He tries to tell you about things that have been here forever, that are really good for you, from what I understand.
So, I just pray over it.
I'm like, "Well, that's interesting.
" I just get these little cues from the Holy Spirit, and you just keep going with it.
That's why I talk about kefir and kombucha and—what's that brand?
I drink the strawberry.
I like that strawberry.
Yeah, the grass-fed—no, kombucha.
Oh, it's the strawberries.
Yeah, it's strawberry.
I think that's what it is.
Isn't that what it's called?
Well, I don't know.
It's whatever it is.
It's this little cup of a little bottle; it's glass.
It comes from California, but I think you've drunk it on here before, haven't you?
I probably have, but I try just to drink water, and it blends in with my green screen.
It's transparent, yeah, with my—are we still with the American flag?
This one?
Yeah.
What is it?
Synergy, GT.
Yep.
I don't think it's called Synergy; I think it's just GT.
Yeah, it's not a plug.
We're not plugging it.
No, we're not telling you to buy it.
They're not giving me a kickback; I'm just talking.
So, people need to know that I do not—listen, I've had huge companies offer me big bucks to do commercials on here and wanting me to do stuff, and I say, "No, no, we've dedicated this to Jesus, and that's strictly what—you cannot buy the anointing.
You'll not merchandise it.
" And whatever ads YouTube puts up there, this is their platform, but I will not do it.
And I believe this is important that you all understand: we do not merchandise the anointing.
It is something—it's not mine.
I'm a steward, and I refuse to be this way.
And I don't care if you offer me $100,000 a year or not.
No.
Your flesh screams, and I say, "No, shut up.
Not doing it.
No.
This is precious.
This time with you is precious, and we're thankful for every single one of you that show up and want to pray with me every day.
" It's been amazing what God's done.
China's up to 22,000 people now.
Yeah, I just uploaded their video for today.
You did?
Yeah.
I love the Asian people.
I love them; they're precious.
You know, God has given me such a heart for the Asians, praying for them, and for revival for their nation, all around over there, for the Philippines, all around.
I'm just believing God for something big for them.
The Lord said, "I have not forgotten you.
" And I'm telling you all, my Japan channel still struggles, the Philippines channel struggles some, but Vietnam's kind of taking off, and South Korea exploded.
It's growing huge, and so is my Hispanic channel and my Portuguese.
Yeah, Portuguese.
So, glory to God for all those folks that pray with us.
So, all right.
Well, thank you for joining us today.
Yes, we appreciate every single one of you.
We truly do.
Thank you for showing kindness to us.
You know, there's—I know everybody has an opinion, and I'm not here to always play a victim.
I appreciate people defending me in the comments and stuff.
Folks, I'm telling you, you'll be persecuted for the Word's sake.
I get it; it's part of the territory.
But I want to tell you, every single one of you that love on my family, you send us cards of encouragement, blankets for my daughter, showing us things, you know, like the drone, everything—I just want to say thank you.
You don't have to do that.
But it's just showing the love of God, and sometimes I need it.
There's days I'm down, and I go, "Man, Lord, I need a pick-me-up.
" And you get something in the mail, a letter or something, some sister saying, "Hey, I'm praying for you," and I go, "Thank you.
" Just you praying for me means so much; it's just showing His love.
We're finished; we're finishing our race strong in these last days and doing what God's called us to do.
And I know this is just the beginning for what the Lord has told us to do.
We have a lot to do, and a short time to do it.
A long way to go and a short time to get there—Smokey and the Bandit.
God bless you all.
Well, remember—oh, subscribe.
Have you subscribed today?
Please subscribe.
Click the notification bell, click the like button, comment something nice down below, and do all the things that you need to do.
I appreciate it.
We'll be back again tomorrow, and we'll pray.
We've got to pray over Israel, and the Lord said mandate from January 14th to the 4th.
So, and I know we've been on here way too long.
So, God bless you all.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
God bless you all, and we'll see you again soon.
God bless you.
Thank you.
I'm so glad they came tonight.
Bye-bye.